Call for papers: 17th International Colloquium on Theoretical Aspects
of Computing (ICTAC 2020). 
https://ictac2020.github.io/ 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Concerning COVID-19

The Program Chairs and the Steering Committee of ICTAC 2020 are
closely following the situation regarding COVID-19 and will take
appropriate measures if and when needed, following the recommendations
of relevant national and international bodies, such as the World
Health Organization. These measure will be adapted to the actual
situation and may e.g., include the possibility of remote paper
presentations or a full electronic implementation of the conference.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

= ABOUT ICTAC 2020 =

We are pleased to invite you to submit papers for the 17th
International Colloquium on Theoretical Aspects of Computing (ICTAC
2020), which will take place in Macao S.A.R., China on 30 November- 4
December, 2020.

The aim of the colloquium is to bring together practitioners and
researchers from academia, industry and government to present research
results, and exchange experience, ideas, and solutions for their
problems in theoretical aspects of computing.  ICTAC also aims to
promote research cooperation between developing and industrial
countries. The proceedings will be published as a volume of Springer's
LNCS series.

= IMPORTANT DATES =

Abstract submission: Monday, 22 June 2020 (AoE)
Paper submission: Friday, 26 June 2020 (AoE)
Notification: Monday, 14 September 2020 (AoE)
Camera-ready: Wednesday, 30 September 2020 (AoE)
Main Conference: 30 November - 4 December 2020


= OBJECTIVES and SCOPE =

Established in 2004 by the International Institute for Software
Technology of the United Nations University (UNU-IIST), the ICTAC
conference series aims at bringing together researchers and
practitioners from academia, industry and government to present
research and exchange ideas and experience addressing challenges in
both theoretical aspects of computing and the exploitation of theory
through methods and tools for system development. ICTAC also aims to
promote research cooperation between developing and industrial
countries.

The topics of the conference include, but are not limited to:

- Languages and automata
- Semantics of programming languages
- Logic in computer science
- Lambda calculus, type theory and category theory
- Domain-specific languages
- Theories of concurrency and mobility
- Theories of distributed, grid and cloud computing
- Models of objects and components
- Coordination models Models of software architectures
- Timed, hybrid, embedded and cyber-physical systems
- Static analysis
- Software verification
- Software testing
- Program generation and transformation
- Model checking and automated theorem proving
- Interactive theorem proving
- Verified software, formalized programming theory

= SUBMISSION OF CONTRIBUTIONS =

We solicit the following types of papers:
- Regular papers, with original research contributions;
- Short papers, with original work in
progress or with proposals of new ideas and emerging challenges;
- Tool papers, on tools that support formal techniques for software
modelling, system design, and verification.

Submissions must adhere to the LNCS format and must not exceed 18
pages (excluding bibliography of maximum 2 pages).  Short- and tool
papers should not exceed 10 pages.

Submissions must not have been published or be under consideration for
publication elsewhere. All submissions will be judged on the basis of
originality, contribution to the field, technical and presentation
quality, and relevance to the conference.

All contributions to ICTAC 2020 have to be submitted electronically in
PDF format via Easy Chair
(https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ictac2020).

All accepted papers must be presented at the conference. Their
authors must be prepared to sign a copyright transfer statement. At
least one author of each accepted paper must register to the
conference by the early registration date, and present the paper.

The ICTAC committee will evaluate and select the best paper award
winner.

Authors should consult Springer's authors' guidelines
(ftp://ftp.springernature.com/cs-proceeding/svproc/guidelines/Springer_Guidelines_for_Authors_of_Proceedings.pdf)
and use their proceedings templates, either for LaTeX
(ftp://ftp.springernature.com/cs-proceeding/llncs/llncs2e.zip) or for
Word (ftp://ftp.springernature.com/cs-proceeding/llncs/word/splnproc1703.zip),
for the preparation of their papers. Springer encourages authors to
include their ORCIDs (https://goo.gl/hbsa4D) in their papers. In
addition, the corresponding author of each paper, acting on behalf of
all of the authors of that paper, must complete and sign a
Consent-to-Publish form. The corresponding author signing the
copyright form should match the corresponding author marked on the
paper. Once the files have been sent to Springer, changes relating to
the authorship of the papers cannot be made.
